docs/appkit/features/socials.mdx, before:

import Button from '../../components/button'
import Container from '../../components/Container.js'
import Wrapper from '../../components/Home/Wrapper'

import reactLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/reactLogo.png'
import nextjsLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/nextjsLogo.png'
import vueLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/vueLogo.png'
import javascriptLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/javascriptLogo.png'
import rnLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/rnLogo.png'
import flutterLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/flutterLogo.png'

# Email & Socials

Bring your app to a world of new users in minutes with Email and Social login, giving both new and existing users the ability to seamlessly connect to your app using just an email address or social account. Set up with just one line of code and enable Smart Account functionality in minutes.

<Button name="Try Demo" url="https://lab.web3modal.com/library/wagmi/" />
## Supported Providers
AppKit supports the following providers:
- **Email**, **Google**, **X**, **GitHub**, **Discord**, **Apple**, **Facebook** and **Farcaster**.

## Supported Chains

Our Email & Socials feature supports the following chains:
+ Algorand, Arbitrum, Astar zkEVM, Base, Berachain, Binance, Celo, Chiliz, Cronos, Etherlink, Fantom, Flare, Harmony, Hedera, Horizen EON, Loopring, Moonbeam, Near, Optimism, RARI Chain, Sei, ZetaChain, zkSync and XDC Network


## Get Started

<Wrapper
  type="large"
  fit={false}
  items={[
    {
      name: 'React',
      type: 'react',
      description: 'Get started with AppKit in React.',
      icon: reactLogo,
      href: '../react/onboarding/socials'
    },
    {
      name: 'Next.js',
      type: 'next',
      description: 'Get started with AppKit in Next.js.',
      icon: nextjsLogo,
      href: '../next/onboarding/socials',
      isWhite: true
    },
    {
      name: 'Vue',
      type: 'vue',
      description: 'Get started with AppKit in Vue.',
      icon: vueLogo,
      href: '../vue/onboarding/socials'
    },
    {
      name: 'JavaScript',
      type: 'javascript',
      description: 'Get started with AppKit in JavaScript.',
      icon: javascriptLogo,
      href: '../javascript/onboarding/socials'
    },
    {
      name: 'React Native',
      type: 'react-native',
      description: 'Get started with AppKit in React Native.',
      icon: rnLogo,
      href: '../react-native/onboarding/email'
    },
    {
      name: 'Flutter',
      type: 'flutter',
      description: 'Get started with AppKit in Flutter.',
      icon: flutterLogo,
      href: '../flutter/onboarding/email'
    }
  ]}
/>

Commit message:

add conf and default for socials and email

docs/appkit/features/socials.mdx, after:

import Button from '../../components/button'
import Container from '../../components/Container.js'
import Wrapper from '../../components/Home/Wrapper'

import reactLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/reactLogo.png'
import nextjsLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/nextjsLogo.png'
import vueLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/vueLogo.png'
import javascriptLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/javascriptLogo.png'
import rnLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/rnLogo.png'
import flutterLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/flutterLogo.png'

# Email & Socials

Bring your app to a world of new users in minutes with default Email and Social login, giving both new and existing users the ability to seamlessly connect to your app using just an email address or social account. With minimal code changes, you can customize these options to suit your needs and use Smart Account functionality in minutes.

<Button name="Try Demo" url="https://lab.web3modal.com/library/wagmi/" />
## Supported Providers
AppKit supports the following providers:
- **Email**, **Google**, **X**, **GitHub**, **Discord**, **Apple**, **Facebook** and **Farcaster**.

## Supported Chains

Our Email & Socials feature supports the following chains:
+ Algorand, Arbitrum, Astar zkEVM, Base, Berachain, Binance, Celo, Chiliz, Cronos, Etherlink, Fantom, Flare, Harmony, Hedera, Horizen EON, Loopring, Moonbeam, Near, Optimism, RARI Chain, Sei, ZetaChain, zkSync and XDC Network


## Get Started

<Wrapper
  type="large"
  fit={false}
  items={[
    {
      name: 'React',
      type: 'react',
      description: 'Get started with AppKit in React.',
      icon: reactLogo,
      href: '../react/onboarding/socials'
    },
    {
      name: 'Next.js',
      type: 'next',
      description: 'Get started with AppKit in Next.js.',
      icon: nextjsLogo,
      href: '../next/onboarding/socials',
      isWhite: true
    },
    {
      name: 'Vue',
      type: 'vue',
      description: 'Get started with AppKit in Vue.',
      icon: vueLogo,
      href: '../vue/onboarding/socials'
    },
    {
      name: 'JavaScript',
      type: 'javascript',
      description: 'Get started with AppKit in JavaScript.',
      icon: javascriptLogo,
      href: '../javascript/onboarding/socials'
    },
    {
      name: 'React Native',
      type: 'react-native',
      description: 'Get started with AppKit in React Native.',
      icon: rnLogo,
      href: '../react-native/onboarding/email'
    },
    {
      name: 'Flutter',
      type: 'flutter',
      description: 'Get started with AppKit in Flutter.',
      icon: flutterLogo,
      href: '../flutter/onboarding/email'
    }
  ]}
/>
