docs/walletkit/upgrade/from-web3wallet-to-reown.mdx, before:

---
title: Migration from Web3Wallet to Reown WalletKit
pagination_next: 
pagination_prev:
---

import Wrapper from '../../components/Home/Wrapper.js'
import reactLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/reactLogo.png'
import nextjsLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/nextjsLogo.png'
import htmlLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/htmlLogo.png'
import vueLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/vueLogo.png'
import androidLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/androidLogo.png'
import iosLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/iosLogo.png'
import rnLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/rnLogo.png'
import flutterLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/flutterLogo.png'
import unityLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/unityLogo.png'
import javascriptLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/javascriptLogo.png'

## Migration Platform list

<Wrapper
  type="large"
  fit={false}
  items={[
    {
      name: 'React Native',
      type: 'react-native',
      description: 'Migrate to WalletKit in React Native.',
      icon: rnLogo,
      href: './from-web3wallet-react-native'
    },
    {
      name: 'Flutter',
      type: 'flutter',
      description: 'Migrate to WalletKit in Flutter.',
      icon: flutterLogo,
      href: './from-web3wallet-flutter'
    },
    {
      name: 'Android',
      type: 'android',
      description: 'Migrate to WalletKit in Android.',
      icon: androidLogo,
      href: './from-web3wallet-android'
    },
    {
      name: 'iOS',
      type: 'ios',
      description: 'Migrate to WalletKit in iOS.',
      icon: iosLogo,
      href: './from-web3wallet-ios',
      isWhite: true
    },
    {
      name: 'Unity',
      type: 'unity',
      description: 'Migrate to WalletKit in Unity.',
      icon: unityLogo,
      href: './from-web3wallet-unity',
      isWhite: true
    }
  ]}
/>

Commit message:

update ios and android wallet upgrade

docs/walletkit/upgrade/from-web3wallet-to-reown.mdx, after:

---
title: Migration from Web3Wallet to Reown WalletKit
pagination_next: 
pagination_prev:
---

import Wrapper from '../../components/Home/Wrapper.js'
import reactLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/reactLogo.png'
import nextjsLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/nextjsLogo.png'
import htmlLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/htmlLogo.png'
import vueLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/vueLogo.png'
import androidLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/androidLogo.png'
import iosLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/iosLogo.png'
import rnLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/rnLogo.png'
import flutterLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/flutterLogo.png'
import unityLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/unityLogo.png'
import javascriptLogo from '../../../static/assets/home/javascriptLogo.png'

## Migration Platform list

<Wrapper
  type="large"
  fit={false}
  items={[
    {
      name: 'Web',
      type: 'react',
      description: 'Upgrade to WalletKit in Web.',
      icon: reactLogo,
      href: './from-web3wallet-web'
    },
    {
      name: 'React Native',
      type: 'react-native',
      description: 'Upgrade to WalletKit in React Native.',
      icon: rnLogo,
      href: './from-web3wallet-react-native'
    },
    {
      name: 'Flutter',
      type: 'flutter',
      description: 'Upgrade to WalletKit in Flutter.',
      icon: flutterLogo,
      href: './from-web3wallet-flutter'
    },
    {
      name: 'Android',
      type: 'android',
      description: 'Upgrade to WalletKit in Android.',
      icon: androidLogo,
      href: './from-web3wallet-android'
    },
    {
      name: 'iOS',
      type: 'ios',
      description: 'Migrate to WalletKit in iOS.',
      icon: iosLogo,
      href: './from-web3wallet-ios',
      isWhite: true
    },
    {
      name: 'Unity',
      type: 'unity',
      description: 'Upgrade to WalletKit in Unity.',
      icon: unityLogo,
      href: './from-web3wallet-unity',
      isWhite: true
    }
  ]}
/>
