docs/appkit/migration/from-anza-adapter-react.mdx, before:

---
title: Migration from Solana Anza Adapter to AppKit
pagination_next: 

---

# Migration from Solana Anza Adapter to AppKit

Follow the steps below to migrate from the Starter Pack of Anza Adapter using React to an AppKit project using Vite. Based on the default implementation. Our starting point is the [Anza Adapter Starter Pack](https://github.com/anza-xyz/wallet-adapter/blob/master/packages/starter/react-ui-starter/) in Github that is using Parcel.

## Step 1 Migrate from Parcel to Vite.

While we support the use of any modern JavaScript bundler, such as Webpack or Parcel, we have chosen Vite for this migration because of its superior performance and ease of use. All our React examples use Vite. 
If you have any concerns about this issue please refer to the React [docs](https://react.dev/learn/start-a-new-react-project#can-i-use-react-without-a-framework)

### a. Uninstall Parcel dependencies:

```bash npm2yarn
npm uninstall @parcel/packager-raw-url @parcel/transformer-webmanifest parcel
```

### b. Install Vite dependencies:
```bash npm2yarn
npm install --save-dev @vitejs/plugin-react-swc vite
```

### c. Update `package.json`scripts and type:
```tsx
    "scripts": {
/* highlight-delete-start */
-       "build": "parcel build",
-       "start": "parcel src/index.html",
-       "clean": "rm -rf .parcel-cache dist",
/* highlight-delete-end */
/* highlight-add-start */
+       "dev": "vite",
+       "build": "tsc && vite build",
+       "preview": "vite preview"
/* highlight-add-end */
    }
/* highlight-add-start */
+   "type": "module",
/* highlight-add-end */
```

### d. Move `index.html` to the root directory:

Run `mv src/index.html index.html` (or move it by your own) and ensure that the `index.html` has the correct link to the index.tsx file into the src directory

### e. Create the file `vite.config.ts` in the root directory with:

```js
import react from '@vitejs/plugin-react-swc';
import { defineConfig } from 'vite';

export default defineConfig({
  plugins: [react()],
});
```

### f. Fill ` tsconfig.json ` with the following content:

```json
{
    "compilerOptions": {
      "target": "ESNext",
      "useDefineForClassFields": true,
      "lib": [
        "DOM",
        "DOM.Iterable",
        "ESNext"
      ],
      "allowJs": false,
      "skipLibCheck": true,
      "esModuleInterop": false,
      "allowSyntheticDefaultImports": true,
      "strict": true,
      "forceConsistentCasingInFileNames": true,
      "module": "ESNext",
      "moduleResolution": "Node",
      "resolveJsonModule": true,
      "isolatedModules": true,
      "noEmit": true,
      "jsx": "react-jsx",
      "composite": true,
    },
    "include": [
      "src", "vite.config.ts"
    ]
  }
```

### g. Install and Run the project:

Install the project dependencies:
```bash npm2yarn
npm install
```

Run with:
```bash npm2yarn
npm run dev
```

:::info
Ensure the project is running correctly before proceeding to the next step.
:::

## Step 2. Integrate Solana Appkit

### a. Create a project in WalletConnect Cloud

+ Create a new project on [WalletConnect Cloud](https://cloud.walletconnect.com) and obtain a new project ID.

### b. Install the AppKit packages: 

```bash npm2yarn
pnpm i @web3modal/solana
```

### c. Add imports to the top of the `App.tsx`

Remove old imports:

```tsx
/* highlight-delete-start */
- import { WalletAdapterNetwork } from '@solana/wallet-adapter-base';
- import { ConnectionProvider, WalletProvider } from '@solana/wallet-adapter-react';
- import { WalletModalProvider, WalletMultiButton } from '@solana/wallet-adapter-react-ui';
/* highlight-delete-end */
```

Add the new imports:

```tsx
/* highlight-add-start */
+ import { createWeb3Modal, defaultSolanaConfig, useWeb3ModalAccount, useWeb3ModalProvider } from '@web3modal/solana/react'
+ import { solana, solanaTestnet, solanaDevnet } from '@web3modal/solana/chains'
/* highlight-add-end */
```

Update the code:

```tsx
// 0. Setup chains
const chains = [solana, solanaTestnet, solanaDevnet]

//  Get projectId at https://cloud.walletconnect.com
const projectId = import.meta.env.VITE_PROJECT_ID;
if (!projectId) throw new Error("Project ID is undefined");


// 2. Create solanaConfig
const metadata = {
    name: 'Appkit Solana Example',
    description: 'Appkit Solana Example',
    url: 'https://example.com', // origin must match your domain & subdomain
    icons: ['https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/37784886'],
}

const solanaConfig = defaultSolanaConfig({
        metadata,
        chains,
        projectId,
        auth: {
            email: true,
            socials: ['google','github','farcaster','x']
        }
    })

//  Create modal
createWeb3Modal({
    metadata,
    solanaConfig,
    chains,
    projectId,
  })
```


### d. Update the `App.tsx` component

Use the AppKit Button. It can be configure following these [guidelines](https://docs.walletconnect.com/appkit/react-native/core/components#w3mbutton-).

:::info
AppKit's web components are global HTML elements that don't require importing.
:::

```tsx
const Content: FC = () => {
/* highlight-delete-start */
-   return <WalletMultiButton />;
/* highlight-delete-end */
/* highlight-add-start */
+   return <w3m-button />
/* highlight-add-end */   
};

```

### e. Create the `.env` file with the projectId from the step 2

```
VITE_PROJECT_ID=<Add_your_project_id>
```

### f. Install and Run the Solana AppKit Project.

Install dependencies:
```bash npm2yarn
npm install
```
 Start the project:
```bash npm2yarn
npm run dev
```

# Final notes

- Check our [Solana AppKit React Docs](http://localhost:3000/appkit/react/core/installation?platform=solana) for more information on how to customize your project.
- Test your application thoroughly to ensure that the migration has been successful and that all functionality is working as expected.
- Check our [AppKit web examples](https://github.com/WalletConnect/web-examples/tree/main/dapps/web3modal) to compare with your implementation in case you are having issues

Commit message:

social logins are by default enabled

docs/appkit/migration/from-anza-adapter-react.mdx, after:

---
title: Migration from Solana Anza Adapter to AppKit
pagination_next: 

---

# Migration from Solana Anza Adapter to AppKit

Follow the steps below to migrate from the Starter Pack of Anza Adapter using React to an AppKit project using Vite. Based on the default implementation. Our starting point is the [Anza Adapter Starter Pack](https://github.com/anza-xyz/wallet-adapter/blob/master/packages/starter/react-ui-starter/) in Github that is using Parcel.

## Step 1 Migrate from Parcel to Vite.

While we support the use of any modern JavaScript bundler, such as Webpack or Parcel, we have chosen Vite for this migration because of its superior performance and ease of use. All our React examples use Vite. 
If you have any concerns about this issue please refer to the React [docs](https://react.dev/learn/start-a-new-react-project#can-i-use-react-without-a-framework)

### a. Uninstall Parcel dependencies:

```bash npm2yarn
npm uninstall @parcel/packager-raw-url @parcel/transformer-webmanifest parcel
```

### b. Install Vite dependencies:
```bash npm2yarn
npm install --save-dev @vitejs/plugin-react-swc vite
```

### c. Update `package.json`scripts and type:
```tsx
    "scripts": {
/* highlight-delete-start */
-       "build": "parcel build",
-       "start": "parcel src/index.html",
-       "clean": "rm -rf .parcel-cache dist",
/* highlight-delete-end */
/* highlight-add-start */
+       "dev": "vite",
+       "build": "tsc && vite build",
+       "preview": "vite preview"
/* highlight-add-end */
    }
/* highlight-add-start */
+   "type": "module",
/* highlight-add-end */
```

### d. Move `index.html` to the root directory:

Run `mv src/index.html index.html` (or move it by your own) and ensure that the `index.html` has the correct link to the index.tsx file into the src directory

### e. Create the file `vite.config.ts` in the root directory with:

```js
import react from '@vitejs/plugin-react-swc';
import { defineConfig } from 'vite';

export default defineConfig({
  plugins: [react()],
});
```

### f. Fill ` tsconfig.json ` with the following content:

```json
{
    "compilerOptions": {
      "target": "ESNext",
      "useDefineForClassFields": true,
      "lib": [
        "DOM",
        "DOM.Iterable",
        "ESNext"
      ],
      "allowJs": false,
      "skipLibCheck": true,
      "esModuleInterop": false,
      "allowSyntheticDefaultImports": true,
      "strict": true,
      "forceConsistentCasingInFileNames": true,
      "module": "ESNext",
      "moduleResolution": "Node",
      "resolveJsonModule": true,
      "isolatedModules": true,
      "noEmit": true,
      "jsx": "react-jsx",
      "composite": true,
    },
    "include": [
      "src", "vite.config.ts"
    ]
  }
```

### g. Install and Run the project:

Install the project dependencies:
```bash npm2yarn
npm install
```

Run with:
```bash npm2yarn
npm run dev
```

:::info
Ensure the project is running correctly before proceeding to the next step.
:::

## Step 2. Integrate Solana Appkit

### a. Create a project in WalletConnect Cloud

+ Create a new project on [WalletConnect Cloud](https://cloud.walletconnect.com) and obtain a new project ID.

### b. Install the AppKit packages: 

```bash npm2yarn
pnpm i @web3modal/solana
```

### c. Add imports to the top of the `App.tsx`

Remove old imports:

```tsx
/* highlight-delete-start */
- import { WalletAdapterNetwork } from '@solana/wallet-adapter-base';
- import { ConnectionProvider, WalletProvider } from '@solana/wallet-adapter-react';
- import { WalletModalProvider, WalletMultiButton } from '@solana/wallet-adapter-react-ui';
/* highlight-delete-end */
```

Add the new imports:

```tsx
/* highlight-add-start */
+ import { createWeb3Modal, defaultSolanaConfig, useWeb3ModalAccount, useWeb3ModalProvider } from '@web3modal/solana/react'
+ import { solana, solanaTestnet, solanaDevnet } from '@web3modal/solana/chains'
/* highlight-add-end */
```

Update the code:

```tsx
// 0. Setup chains
const chains = [solana, solanaTestnet, solanaDevnet]

//  Get projectId at https://cloud.walletconnect.com
const projectId = import.meta.env.VITE_PROJECT_ID;
if (!projectId) throw new Error("Project ID is undefined");


// 2. Create solanaConfig
const metadata = {
    name: 'Appkit Solana Example',
    description: 'Appkit Solana Example',
    url: 'https://example.com', // origin must match your domain & subdomain
    icons: ['https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/37784886'],
}

const solanaConfig = defaultSolanaConfig({
        metadata,
        chains,
        projectId
    })

//  Create modal
createWeb3Modal({
    metadata,
    solanaConfig,
    chains,
    projectId,
  })
```
:::info
Email an social logins are enabled by default.
:::


### d. Update the `App.tsx` component

Use the AppKit Button. It can be configure following these [guidelines](https://docs.walletconnect.com/appkit/react-native/core/components#w3mbutton-).

:::info
AppKit's web components are global HTML elements that don't require importing.
:::

```tsx
const Content: FC = () => {
/* highlight-delete-start */
-   return <WalletMultiButton />;
/* highlight-delete-end */
/* highlight-add-start */
+   return <w3m-button />
/* highlight-add-end */   
};

```

### e. Create the `.env` file with the projectId from the step 2

```
VITE_PROJECT_ID=<Add_your_project_id>
```

### f. Install and Run the Solana AppKit Project.

Install dependencies:
```bash npm2yarn
npm install
```
 Start the project:
```bash npm2yarn
npm run dev
```

# Final notes

- Check our [Solana AppKit React Docs](http://localhost:3000/appkit/react/core/installation?platform=solana) for more information on how to customize your project.
- Test your application thoroughly to ensure that the migration has been successful and that all functionality is working as expected.
- Check our [AppKit web examples](https://github.com/WalletConnect/web-examples/tree/main/dapps/web3modal) to compare with your implementation in case you are having issues
