docs/appkit/vue/solana/programs.mdx, before:

[@Solana/web3.js](https://solana.com/docs/clients/javascript) can help us interact with wallets and smart contracts:

```tsx
import { ref } from 'vue';
import {
  SystemProgram,
  PublicKey,
  Keypair,
  Transaction,
  TransactionInstruction,
  LAMPORTS_PER_SOL
} from '@solana/web3.js';
import { useWeb3ModalAccount, useWeb3ModalProvider } from '@web3modal/solana/react';

export default {
  setup() {
    const counterMessage = ref('');
    const { address, currentChain } = useWeb3ModalAccount();
    const { walletProvider, connection } = useWeb3ModalProvider();

    function deserializeCounterAccount(data) {
      if (data?.byteLength !== 8) {
        throw Error('Need exactly 8 bytes to deserialize counter');
      }

      return {
        count: Number(data[0])
      };
    }

    async function onIncrementCounter() {
      try {
        const PROGRAM_ID = new PublicKey('Cb5aXEgXptKqHHWLifvXu5BeAuVLjojQ5ypq6CfQj1hy');

        const counterKeypair = Keypair.generate();
        const counter = counterKeypair.publicKey;

        const balance = await connection.getBalance(walletProvider.publicKey);
        if (balance < LAMPORTS_PER_SOL / 100) {
          throw Error('Not enough SOL in wallet');
        }

        const COUNTER_ACCOUNT_SIZE = 8;
        const allocIx = SystemProgram.createAccount({
          fromPubkey: walletProvider.publicKey,
          newAccountPubkey: counter,
          lamports: await connection.getMinimumBalanceForRentExemption(COUNTER_ACCOUNT_SIZE),
          space: COUNTER_ACCOUNT_SIZE,
          programId: PROGRAM_ID
        });

        const incrementIx = new TransactionInstruction({
          programId: PROGRAM_ID,
          keys: [
            {
              pubkey: counter,
              isSigner: false,
              isWritable: true
            }
          ],
          data: Buffer.from([0x0])
        });

        const tx = new Transaction().add(allocIx).add(incrementIx);

        tx.feePayer = walletProvider.publicKey;
        tx.recentBlockhash = (await connection.getLatestBlockhash('confirmed')).blockhash;

        await walletProvider.signAndSendTransaction(tx, [counterKeypair]);

        const counterAccountInfo = await connection.getAccountInfo(counter, {
          commitment: 'confirmed'
        });

        if (!counterAccountInfo) {
          throw new Error('Expected counter account to have been created');
        }

        const counterAccount = deserializeCounterAccount(counterAccountInfo?.data);

        if (counterAccount.count !== 1) {
          throw new Error('Expected count to have been 1');
        }

        counterMessage.value = `[alloc+increment] count is: ${counterAccount.count}`;
      } catch (error) {
        console.error(error);
        counterMessage.value = `Error: ${error.message}`;
      }
    }

    return {
      onIncrementCounter,
      counterMessage
    };
  }
};
```

Commit message:

adding reference to the demo app for AppKit with Solana

docs/appkit/vue/solana/programs.mdx, after:

[@Solana/web3.js](https://solana.com/docs/clients/javascript) library allows for seamless interaction with wallets and smart contracts on the Solana blockchain.

For a practical example of how it works, you can refer to this [demo app](https://appkit-solana-v1.vercel.app/).

```tsx
import { ref } from 'vue';
import {
  SystemProgram,
  PublicKey,
  Keypair,
  Transaction,
  TransactionInstruction,
  LAMPORTS_PER_SOL
} from '@solana/web3.js';
import { useWeb3ModalAccount, useWeb3ModalProvider } from '@web3modal/solana/react';

export default {
  setup() {
    const counterMessage = ref('');
    const { address, currentChain } = useWeb3ModalAccount();
    const { walletProvider, connection } = useWeb3ModalProvider();

    function deserializeCounterAccount(data) {
      if (data?.byteLength !== 8) {
        throw Error('Need exactly 8 bytes to deserialize counter');
      }

      return {
        count: Number(data[0])
      };
    }

    async function onIncrementCounter() {
      try {
        const PROGRAM_ID = new PublicKey('Cb5aXEgXptKqHHWLifvXu5BeAuVLjojQ5ypq6CfQj1hy');

        const counterKeypair = Keypair.generate();
        const counter = counterKeypair.publicKey;

        const balance = await connection.getBalance(walletProvider.publicKey);
        if (balance < LAMPORTS_PER_SOL / 100) {
          throw Error('Not enough SOL in wallet');
        }

        const COUNTER_ACCOUNT_SIZE = 8;
        const allocIx = SystemProgram.createAccount({
          fromPubkey: walletProvider.publicKey,
          newAccountPubkey: counter,
          lamports: await connection.getMinimumBalanceForRentExemption(COUNTER_ACCOUNT_SIZE),
          space: COUNTER_ACCOUNT_SIZE,
          programId: PROGRAM_ID
        });

        const incrementIx = new TransactionInstruction({
          programId: PROGRAM_ID,
          keys: [
            {
              pubkey: counter,
              isSigner: false,
              isWritable: true
            }
          ],
          data: Buffer.from([0x0])
        });

        const tx = new Transaction().add(allocIx).add(incrementIx);

        tx.feePayer = walletProvider.publicKey;
        tx.recentBlockhash = (await connection.getLatestBlockhash('confirmed')).blockhash;

        await walletProvider.signAndSendTransaction(tx, [counterKeypair]);

        const counterAccountInfo = await connection.getAccountInfo(counter, {
          commitment: 'confirmed'
        });

        if (!counterAccountInfo) {
          throw new Error('Expected counter account to have been created');
        }

        const counterAccount = deserializeCounterAccount(counterAccountInfo?.data);

        if (counterAccount.count !== 1) {
          throw new Error('Expected count to have been 1');
        }

        counterMessage.value = `[alloc+increment] count is: ${counterAccount.count}`;
      } catch (error) {
        console.error(error);
        counterMessage.value = `Error: ${error.message}`;
      }
    }

    return {
      onIncrementCounter,
      counterMessage
    };
  }
};
```
